[EXAMPLE] Add example to open a tab on click on a call activity (#107)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples: README.md

#### interaction examples

> - [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on a modal](examples/interaction/call-activity-with-modal-on-mouse-over/README.md) - interacted with a diagram to open the details of a Call Activity on a modal

Reviewer: active form
```suggestion
- [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on a modal](examples/interaction/call-activity-with-modal-on-mouse-over/README.md) - interact with a diagram to open the details of a Call Activity on a modal
```

> - [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on a tab](./examples/interaction/call_activity_with_tabs_on_click/README.md) - interacted with a diagram to open the details of a Call Activity on a tab

Reviewer: :warning folder name inconsistency
https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/pull/109#discussion_r533914579

Author: Good catch 👍

> - [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on a tab (of the page)](examples/interaction/call-activity-with-tabs-on-click/README.md) - interacted with a diagram to open the details of a Call Activity on a tab (of the page)

Reviewer: active form
```suggestion
- [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on a tab (of the page)](examples/interaction/call-activity-with-tabs-on-click/README.md) - interact with a diagram to open the details of a Call Activity in a tab (of the page)
```
